In this lesson, we've learned how massive the analytics ecosystem is,
and how that ecosystem collects and distributes data.
We learned how to layer data together to answer our marketing questions,
and we studied the foundations of how the analytics process works,
how to analyze our metrics,
and the questions we need to answer on every project.
We reviewed the most common types of metrics that are
available to us and how those metrics are measured.
We also studied business goals and how important
they are for guiding us on our analytics projects.
We reviewed how and why we think actionably,
how our day-to-day using marketing analytics will look
and the values we should follow as we pursue new initiatives.
The analytics we use to measure our marketing is undoubtably complex,
but you've gained a valuable foundation that we will continue to
build on to further your skills and confidence in analytics.